imagine
a baby in the house just in time for the
winter holidays
it's time to light the ewell it is a
protection
it must burn continuously from now
through the shortest day through the
longest night i wish i could ask my mom
for advice
like i could ask her how exactly my dad
told her he was a warlock
she's a number and that must mean she
has some unfinished businesses
keeping i made each and every one myself
did you know that
i have to go out to find the prettiest
the most special child to harvest
mr bertel i would love for you three to
join
who are you trying to contact my mortal
mother my darkness comes
to trick and to tear
spirits below and above spirits in
between caught in the fabric betwixt
um something's wrong there's an
interference
your lock's gone out
diana mom
[Music]
i brought you some eggnog it's my aunt
hilda's recipe
impish spirits of children that come
down from the mountains every minute
they must have gotten in when the yule
fire went out we summoned greider
and make her an offering in exchange for
gathering up her you
come in from the cold then oh
is this where my yule lads have gotten
too a baby
diana whoever has the strength to pull
the child out of the circle
we miss the thing then the baby is
greyless
no what did you give to grila then i
pulled an old changeling trick
girl will be long gone and in the
mountains before the spell wears off
my mom helped me susie's been missing
since last night and i think she's in
trouble
susie's missing for how long i think
he's been taking kids
and dipping them in wax bartel is the
name of a yule demon that
can't be coincidence at this time of
year what
you hurt children demon that won't do
i have my dad then you may leave
susie and welcome new members to our
family
with the festival of lights
about leticia
i'm taking her to des meltes after the
mid-winter holiday
we can't keep her a secret from father
blackwood forever
what kind of unfinished business do you
have
i was afraid you weren't going to be
loved and there's a boy
a boy named harvey kinkel
when your father told me he was a wish
followed edward along the path of night
as much as i could but i wouldn't lead
anyone else down
and satan bless us everyone
you